Task #794: DB implementation
	gfbio_researchobject add atributes:
        datacollectiontime
        embargo
        publications

Task #990: Implementation of Portal Webservices
	updateResearchObject add parameters
        authors (jsonobject): With this json you can integrate more as a name or a mail adress in our database. The json use all keys/columns of the database (hcc) table. Currently the columns are: name, mail, orcid
        datacollectiontime (string): The data collection time was a part of the extended data. Now, this parameter has his own attribute in the research object database table. Now it is possible to do this parameter information in the extended data json or direct in the request json
        embargo (date yyyy-mm-dd): The embargo was a part of the extended data. Now, this parameter has his own attribute in the research object database table. Now it is possible to do this parameter information in the extended data json or direct in the request json
        legalrequirementid (long), legalrequirementids (jsonArray), legalrequirementnames (jsonArray): The legal requirements were a part of the extended data. Now, this parameters have their own table and relation to research object database table. Now you should use the direct parameter in the request json
        legalrestrictionid (long), legalrestrictionids (jsonArray), legalrestrictionnames (jsonArray): We use restriction in jira context and requirements in portal context, but it is the same.
        publications (string): The publications was a part of the extended data. Now, this parameter has his own attribute in the research object database table. Now it is possible to do this parameter information in the extended data json or direct in the request json
        primarydata (jsonobject): With this json you can integrate information of external primary data (create/update primary data). The parameter can be name (string), path (string), externallink (boolean) and for update primarydataid (long)
Task #134: SWoGD clear file type for submission <- no code change
Task #1286: create DMPT table in databse
Task #1287: local Services for gfbio_dmp table
Task #1299: Correct typo in database entries for licenses
Task #1301: User registration: Error message "Invalid mail adress" but account was created
Task #1303: Publish revised DCRT version on gfbio.org
Bug #1135: SWoGD can't upload files from type mdb <- no code change
Rejected - Improvement #668: Handle "race condition" when editing research objects
Improvement #1078: Remove on-load animation for landing area
Improvement #1140: SWoGD URL link by file upload
Improvement #1219: SWoGD Reset security check 
Improvement #1304: SWoGD Delete change to default option by DCRT related generic submission
Release 10.0 - Compatibility test 1 - Welcome Page mobile iPhone - Revision 1